README.md, before:

Python for acquiring data to make heatmaps and actually making them.

## matplotlibrc
You must set
backend : Agg
in ~/.config/matplotlib/matplotlibrc

## Setup steps

0. install all the following libs (centos version): ```yum install postgresql-libs postgresql-devel libxml2 libxml libxslt libxml-dev libxml2-dev libxml2-devel libxslt-dev libxslt-devel httpd-devel```
1. install distro python3
4. as root you need to run once
```echo PYTHONPATH=path_to_distro_python3 >> /etc/sysconfig/httpd```
so that mod_wsgi can run on the correct interpreter
3. install the exact version of the interpreter you need
to use the exact interpreter version located at bin/pyenv

For database setup (does not have to be run on production server)
7. ```git clone https://github.com/tgbugs/heatmaps.git```
8. ```cd heatmaps```
0. ```python3 dbsetup.py```

Production env setup
0. venv_setup.sh needs to be run on the production server

Build the zip for production? Seems silly? Who knows.
4. run the setup .sh scripts and then run the deploy

Things than need to happen post deploy on the production server
3. install heatmaps.conf to wherever you keep apache mod config files

Commit message:

updated readme to include up to date information about how to build and use the code

README.md, after:

Python for acquiring data to make heatmaps and actually making them.

## Basic setup
0. Heatmaps has been test on python3.4, it may work on earlier versions but has not been tested.
1. Currently the only external library dependency is the postgresql development libraries (see psycopg2 docs).
2. If you want to use your package manager to handle dependencies instead of pip see the install_requires section of setup.py.

## Database setup
0. You will need a working postgres database.
1. In util/ run dbsetup.py (may require some additional setup to target the correct host) or use heatmap_db_setup.sql direcitly.
2. Set hmadmin and hmuser passwords and add them to .pgpass.
3. If you are not running postgres on localhost heatmap_service will need to be adjusted. (In the future this may go in a config)

## Building the whl file
0. From this folder run `python3 setup.py bdist_wheel`
1. From this folder run `pip --install --user dist/heatmaps*.whl` or use the exact name of the whl file.

## Running the service
0. Once you have installed the whl file run hmweb to run the service.
1. You can also use various components of the service by importing from the heatmaps module.

## matplotlibrc
In the event that there are errors when you try to view png files from the webservice:
You must set
backend : Agg
in ~/.config/matplotlib/matplotlibrc
